OPSEXP-2891 Add support for Simple Module (JAR) in repository bakery (#135)
Alfresco/alfresco-dockerfiles-bakery: repository/simple_modules/jars/README.md

# Alfresco Content Repository Simple Module jars

> Place here additionnal jar files you want to be depoloyed as simple modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place here additional Alfresco as simple (jar) module you want to deploy.
```
